Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-disable-dashboard-availability-select-if-user-has-no-permission-to-request.md (#2105)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-disable-dashboard-availability-select-if-user-has-no-permission-to-request.md

---
date: ""

> title: Disable dashboard availability select if user has no permission to request roles to populate it. (#6021)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Disable dashboard availability selection for users without permission to request roles
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57128
version: 1020.0.0
---

> Disable dashboard availability select if user has no permission to request roles to populate it. (#6021)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
To ensure that users can only select dashboards they have access to, the dashboard availability selection has been disabled for users who do not have permission to request the roles required to populate the dashboard. Previously, users without the necessary permissions were still able to select a dashboard from the availability dropdown, which could lead to confusion. This change improves the user experience by preventing users from selecting dashboards they cannot access due to missing role permissions.
```
